LICENSE.txt
MANIFEST.in
README.rst
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
setup.py
src/obsinfo/__init__.py
src/obsinfo/version.py
src/obsinfo.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/obsinfo.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/obsinfo.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/obsinfo.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/obsinfo.egg-info/requires.txt
src/obsinfo.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/.DS_Store
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/.DS_Store
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/README.md
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/README.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/ADS1281.datalogger_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/ADS1284.datalogger_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/BREVE_CD24.datalogger_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/ELOBS_A.datalogger_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/LC2000.datalogger_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/RTSYS_SDA14.datalogger_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/CS5321_FIR1.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/CS5322_FIR2.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/CS5322_FIR2.with-delay.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/CS5322_FIR3.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS1256_FIR_div2.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS1256_FIR_div4.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS1256_FIR_div5.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS1256_SINC.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS1281_100sps-SINC.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS1281_200sps-SINC.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS1281_FIR1.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS1281_FIR2.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS1281_FIR3_LINEAR.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS1281_FIR4_LINEAR.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS1281_SINC.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS1284_PGA.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS1284_SINC.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS128x_FIR1.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS128x_FIR2.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS128x_FIR3.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/TI_ADS128x_FIR4.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/.DS_Store
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/CirrusLogic_CS5322_FIR2.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/CirrusLogic_CS5322_FIR3.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/TexasInstruments_ADS1281_FIR1.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/TexasInstruments_ADS1281_FIR2.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/TexasInstruments_ADS1281_FIR3-linear.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/TexasInstruments_ADS1281_FIR4-linear.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/TexasInstruments_ADS128x_FIR3-linear.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/TexasInstruments_ADS128x_FIR3-minphase.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/TexasInstruments_ADS128x_FIR4-linear.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/TexasInstruments_ADS128x_FIR4-minphase.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/.DS_Store
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_1ms_0.156250Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_1ms_0.312500Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_1ms_0.625000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_1ms_1.250000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_1ms_2.500000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_1ms_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_2ms_0.156250Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_2ms_0.312500Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_2ms_0.625000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_2ms_1.250000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_2ms_2.500000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_2ms_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_4ms_0.156250Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_4ms_0.312500Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_4ms_0.625000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_4ms_1.250000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_4ms_2.500000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_4ms_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_500us_0.156250Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_500us_0.312500Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_500us_0.625000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_500us_1.250000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_500us_2.500000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_500us_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_1ms_0.156250Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_1ms_0.312500Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_1ms_0.625000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_1ms_1.250000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_1ms_2.500000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_1ms_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_2ms_0.156250Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_2ms_0.312500Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_2ms_0.625000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_2ms_1.250000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_2ms_2.500000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_2ms_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_4ms_0.156250Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_4ms_0.312500Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_4ms_0.625000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_4ms_1.250000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_4ms_2.500000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_4ms_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_500us_0.156250Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_500us_0.312500Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_500us_0.625000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_500us_1.250000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_500us_2.500000Hz_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_500us_G0dB.txt
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/_to_filter_yaml.py
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_1ms_0.156250Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_1ms_0.312500Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_1ms_0.625000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_1ms_1.250000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_1ms_2.500000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_1ms_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_2ms_0.156250Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_2ms_0.312500Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_2ms_0.625000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_2ms_1.250000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_2ms_2.500000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_2ms_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_4ms_0.156250Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_4ms_0.312500Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_4ms_0.625000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_4ms_1.250000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_4ms_2.500000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_4ms_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_500us_0.156250Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_500us_0.312500Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_500us_0.625000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_500us_1.250000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_500us_2.500000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_LIN_500us_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_1ms_0.156250Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_1ms_0.312500Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_1ms_0.625000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_1ms_1.250000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_1ms_2.500000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_1ms_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_2ms_0.156250Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_2ms_0.312500Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_2ms_0.625000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_2ms_1.250000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_2ms_2.500000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_2ms_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_4ms_0.156250Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_4ms_0.312500Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_4ms_0.625000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_4ms_1.250000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_4ms_2.500000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_4ms_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_500us_0.156250Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_500us_0.312500Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_500us_0.625000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_500us_1.250000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_500us_2.500000Hz_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/datalogger_bases/stages/filters/MICROBS digital filters/temp/IMPREP_AFU508_MIN_500us_G0dB.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/instrumentation_bases/BBOBS1_2012+.instrumentation_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/instrumentation_bases/BBOBS1_pre2012.instrumentation_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/instrumentation_bases/CUBI.instrumentation_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/instrumentation_bases/GURALP_BREVE.instrumentation_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/instrumentation_bases/GURALP_CP.instrumentation.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/instrumentation_bases/GURALP_CP.instrumentation_base.yaml_error
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/instrumentation_bases/HYDROCT1.instrumentation_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/instrumentation_bases/SPOBS1.instrumentation_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/instrumentation_bases/SPOBS2.instrumentation_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/instrumentation_bases/SPOBS3-for-channel-mod-testing.instrumentation_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/instrumentation_bases/SPOBS_INSU_ELOPS.instrumentation_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/instrumentation_bases/WBOBS1.instrumentation_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/instrumentation_bases/empty.instrumentation_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/location_bases/INSU-IPGP.location_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/networks/EMSO-AZORES.network.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/networks/RHUM-RUM.network.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/operators/.DS_Store
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/operators/INSU-IPGP.operator.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/persons/.DS_Store
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/persons/Kevin_Canjamale.person.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/persons/Romuald_Daniel.person.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/persons/Simon_Besancon.person.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/persons/Wayne_Crawford.person.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/.DS_Store
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/CUBI_RCRC.preamplifier_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/ELOPS_GEOPHONE.preamplifier_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/ELOPS_HYDROPHONE.preamplifier_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/LCHEAPO_BBOBS.preamplifier_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/LCHEAPO_DPG.preamplifier_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/LCHEAPO_GEOPHONE.preamplifier_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/LCHEAPO_HYDRO-no_redundancy.preamplifier_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/LCHEAPO_HYDRO.preamplifier_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/stages/.DS_Store
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/stages/ELOPS_HPFilter.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/stages/INSU_BBOBS_theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/stages/INSU_SPOBS_geophone_theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/stages/SIO-LDEO_DPG-Card_theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/preamplifier_bases/stages/Scripps_SPOBS_HydroL22_theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/.DS_Store
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/BUBBLEPHONE_HTI90U.sensor.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/GURALP_6TH.sensor_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/GURALP_CMG3T_ESPC.sensor.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/HITECH_HTI04-PLC-ULF.sensor_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/HITECH_HTI90U.sensor_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/HITECH_HTI96-MIN.sensor_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/NANOMETRICS_T240__theoretical.sensor_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/NANOMETRICS_T240_plusDates.sensor_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/NANOMETRICS_TCOMPACT_theoretical.sensor_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/SEISTECH_SM6.sensor_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/SERCEL_L22.sensor_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/SERCEL_L28.sensor_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/SIO_DPG.sensor_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/.DS_Store
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/BUBBLEPHONE_HTI90U_SIO-preamp_theoretical.stage.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/BUBBLEPHONE_HTI90U_SIO-preamp_theoretical.stage.yaml.orig
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/Guralp_6TH_theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/Guralp_CMG3T_ESPC_theoretical.stage.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/Guralp_CMG3T_ESPC_theoretical.stage.yaml.orig
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/HiTech_HTI-04-PLC-ULF_voltage-mode_theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/HiTech_HTI-90U_SIO-preamp_theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/HiTech_HTI-96-Min_voltage-mode_theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/SEISTECH_SM6_theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/SIO-LDEO_DPG_5004_calibrated.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/SIO-LDEO_DPG_5018_calibrated.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/SIO-LDEO_DPG_generic_theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/Sercel_L22D_LCHEAPO_theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/Sercel_L28LB_LCHEAPO_theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/Trillium_T240__theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/Trillium_TCompact__theoretical.stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/.DS_Store
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/Guralp_CMG3T_ESPC_generic.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/Guralp_CMG3T_ESPC_generic.filter.yaml.orig
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/HiTech_HTI-04-PLC-ULF_voltage-mode_theoretical.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/HiTech_HTI-96-Min_voltage-mode_theoretical.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/HiTech_HTI-96-Min_voltage-mode_theoretical.filter.yaml.orig
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/SIO-LDEO_DPG__5004_2007.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/SIO-LDEO_DPG__5017_2007.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/SIO-LDEO_DPG__generic.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/Sercel_L22D_C510-S2000_generic.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/Sercel_L28LB-obs_C395-S2490_generic.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/Trillium_T240_SN1-399_generic.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/Trillium_T240_SN400-_generic.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/sensor_bases/stages/filters/Trillium_TCompact__generic.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/.obsinfo
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/BBOBS.INSU-IPGP.subnetwork.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/BBOBS.INSU-IPGP_with_gain_mods.subnetwork.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/EMPTY-INSTRUMENTATION.INSU-IPGP.subnetwork.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/EXAMPLE_essential.subnetwork.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/EXAMPLE_essential_frags.subnetwork.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/EXAMPLE_full.subnetwork.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/EXAMPLE_norefs.station.xml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/EXAMPLE_norefs.subnetwork.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/LEAP_SECOND.INSU-IPGP.subnetwork.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/ORIENTED.INSU-IPGP.subnetwork.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/SPOBS.INSU-IPGP.subnetwork.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/SPOBS_noAnchors.INSU-IPGP.subnetwork.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/subnetworks/TEST.subnetwork.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Information_Files/timing_bases/Seascan_GNSS.timing_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/BBOBS-train.network.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/BBOBS.INSU-IPGP.network.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/BBOBS1.instrumentation.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/BBOBS1_2012+.instrumentation.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/CS5322.stage.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/T240.stage.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/network.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/components/LC2000-1.datalogger.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/components/LC2000.datalogger.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/components/preamplifier.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/components/sensor.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/filters/AD_Conversion.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/filters/CirrusLogic_FIR.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/filters/ExampleFIR.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/filters/HiTechPZ.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/filters/HiTech_PolesZeros.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/filters/analog.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/filters/coefficients.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/filters/digital.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/Training/templates/filters/response_list.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/_examples/scripts/README.rst
src/obsinfo/_examples/scripts/make_stationXML.sh
src/obsinfo/_examples/scripts/print_info_files.sh
src/obsinfo/_examples/scripts/validate_all.sh
src/obsinfo/_examples/scripts/validate_files.sh
src/obsinfo/_examples/scripts/add_ons/README.rst
src/obsinfo/_examples/scripts/add_ons/make_data_process_scripts.sh
src/obsinfo/addons/LC2SDS.py
src/obsinfo/addons/LCHEAPO.py
src/obsinfo/addons/OCA.py
src/obsinfo/addons/SDPCHAIN.py
src/obsinfo/addons/__init__.py
src/obsinfo/addons/infodump.py
src/obsinfo/console_scripts/__init__.py
src/obsinfo/console_scripts/argparser.py
src/obsinfo/console_scripts/print.py
src/obsinfo/console_scripts/schema.py
src/obsinfo/console_scripts/setup.py
src/obsinfo/console_scripts/xml.py
src/obsinfo/console_scripts/_old/_test.py
src/obsinfo/console_scripts/_old/makeStationXML.py
src/obsinfo/console_scripts/_old/print.py
src/obsinfo/console_scripts/_old/print_version.py
src/obsinfo/console_scripts/_old/setup.py
src/obsinfo/console_scripts/_old/validate.py
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/datacite.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/datalogger_base.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/definitions.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/experiment.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/filter.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/instrumentation_base.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/iris_units.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/location_base.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/network.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/operator.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/person.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/preamplifier_base.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/sensor_base.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/stage_base.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/stages.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/station.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/subnetwork.schema.json
src/obsinfo/data/schemas/timing_base.schema.json
src/obsinfo/helpers/__init__.py
src/obsinfo/helpers/comments.py
src/obsinfo/helpers/external_references.py
src/obsinfo/helpers/float_with_uncert.py
src/obsinfo/helpers/functions.py
src/obsinfo/helpers/identifiers.py
src/obsinfo/helpers/location.py
src/obsinfo/helpers/logger.py
src/obsinfo/helpers/obsinfo_class_list.py
src/obsinfo/helpers/oi_date.py
src/obsinfo/helpers/person.py
src/obsinfo/helpers/phone.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/__init__.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/channel.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/equipment.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/instrument.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/instrument_component.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/instrumentation.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/orientation.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/stage.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/stages.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/filter/AD_conversion.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/filter/FIR.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/filter/__init__.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/filter/analog.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/filter/coefficients.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/filter/digital.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/filter/filter.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/filter/filter_template.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/filter/poles_zeros.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/filter/polynomial.py
src/obsinfo/instrumentation/filter/response_list.py
src/obsinfo/misc/__init__.py
src/obsinfo/misc/configuration.py
src/obsinfo/misc/const.py
src/obsinfo/misc/datapath.py
src/obsinfo/misc/jsonref.py
src/obsinfo/misc/oldyamlref.py
src/obsinfo/misc/printobs.py
src/obsinfo/misc/remoteGitLab.py
src/obsinfo/misc/yamlref.py
src/obsinfo/obsmetadata/__init__.py
src/obsinfo/obsmetadata/obsmetadata.py
src/obsinfo/subnetwork/__init__.py
src/obsinfo/subnetwork/network.py
src/obsinfo/subnetwork/operator.py
src/obsinfo/subnetwork/processing.py
src/obsinfo/subnetwork/site.py
src/obsinfo/subnetwork/station.py
src/obsinfo/subnetwork/subnetwork.py
src/obsinfo/templates/instrumentation_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/location_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/network.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/operator.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/person.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/stage_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/subnetwork.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/timing_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/filters/AD_Conversion.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/filters/FIR.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/filters/PolesZeros.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/filters/analog.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/filters/coefficients.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/filters/digital.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/filters/polynomial.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/filters/response_list.filter.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/instrument_components/datalogger_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/instrument_components/preamplifier_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/templates/instrument_components/sensor_base.yaml
src/obsinfo/tests/CompareXMLTree.py
src/obsinfo/tests/__init__.py
src/obsinfo/tests/remoteGithub.py
src/obsinfo/tests/run_test_script.py
src/obsinfo/tests/test_datapath.py
src/obsinfo/tests/test_infofile.py
src/obsinfo/tests/test_main.py
src/obsinfo/tests/_old/testlog.py
src/obsinfo/tests/_old/testmain.py